## About DentaFix
This project proposes some ways for the dental clinic to better manage the admins, patients as well as the dentists besides increase efficiency of the admin to complete the tasks on booking management. The motivation of the project is to increase the management efficiency and quality of services as these aspects are crucial to attract the interests of the patients to book for dental appointments in the dental clinic. The project is named as Dentist Online Information System-DentaFix, which mainly targeted on dental clinics and patients who prefer flexibility in terms of making dental appointments with the dentists. DentaFix will comprise of 2 modules which include the General and User Modules as well as the Management Module. With the reservation based on timeslots, the patients get to know the date and time for dental appointment and therefore, the patients can spend a longer time on carrying out daily tasks in lives. The features in General and User Modules include Login and Registration Module, Home Page Module, Dashboard Module, Appointment Scheduling Module, Appointment Booking Module, Visit Status and Prescription Module, Patient Profile Module as well as Chatbot Module. On the other hand, for the Management Module, several modules such as Admin Management Module, Dentist Management Module, Patient Management Module, Service Management Module, Dashboard Analytics Module as well as Extra Module are included. The development of DentaFix is based on Waterfall Model, as the requirements are clear at the beginning of the project. In short, Dentist Online Information System-DentaFix provides well solutions to enable the dental clinic management more organized besides allowing the admins and dentists at the dental clinic to complete respective tasks with conveniences.


## Software Development tools


We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the Laravel [Patreon page](https://patreon.com/taylorotwell).


